Pearl Droplets of Blessings: A Prayer to the Guru Who Embodies All
Extracted from A Shower of Precious Blessings: A Garland of Prayers to Guru Rinpoche, Embodiment
of All Refuge Objects, and to the Three Roots and Lineage Masters
by Chokgyur Dechen Lingpa

dü sum gong da nyen ter mönlam gyü
You infuse all the dharmakāya, saṃbhogakāya, and nirmāṇakāya vidyādharas of
chö long tulkü rigdzin nam la khyab
The wisdom, sign, scriptural, treasure, and aspiration lineages in all three times.
lama sangye kündü guru la
To you, Guru embodying all guru-buddhas,
solwa deb so dak gyü jingyi lob
I pray: please bless my mindstream!

do gyu sem sum kagyé gongpa dü
The trio of Sūtra, Illusion, and Mind;1The Eight Transmissions;2 and the Assembled Realization—3
malü tro dang duwé kyilkhor tso
As chief of the maṇḍala, you emanate and reabsorb them all.
yidam damchö kündü guru la
To you, guru embodying all yidams and sacred Dharma,
solwa deb so choktün ngödrub tsol
I pray: bestow the supreme and common siddhis!

chi yi nyentö nang gi changsem dang
You are the noble lord of the assembly of outer śrāvakas,
sangwa pawo khandrö tsok pön jé
Inner bodhisattvas, and secret ḍākas and ḍākinīs.
tsok chok khandrö wangchuk guru la
To you, sovereign Guru of the foremost assembly of ḍākinīs,
solwa deb so chi nang barché sol
I pray: dispel the outer and inner obstacles!

kutsab lungten sung tsab ter du bé
You prophesied representations of your body,Concealed countless treasures as representations
of your speech,
tuk kyi gongpa lechen bu la té
And entrusted your heart realization to those with karmic connections.
bö la kudrin chewé guru la
To you, Guru who has shown the greatest kindness to Tibet,
solwa deb so chö tün sampa drub
I pray: fulfill our wishes in accordance with the Dharma!

guru khyé dang gyüpa dzin nam la
To you, my guru, and to all the lineage holders,
dak gi lo té ré tö gyi lak na
As I surrender myself and place all trust in you,
ngön gyi shyalshyé shyindu tukjé zik
Look upon us with compassion, as you pledged to do:
nekab tartuk jikpa kün lé kyob
Temporarily and ultimately, protect us from all fears!

tünkyen tsesö tobjor nyamtok pel
Augment all favorable conditions:Long life, merit, strength and wealth, experience and realization!
mö shyi wangdü rangshyen dön nyi drub
Help us to attract the four types of admiration4And to fulfill the twofold benefit of self and
other.
dragek tsarchö rangrig ngöngyur né
Grant your blessings that we may vanquish foes and obstructers
pema ö du kyewar jingyi lob
And actualize natural awareness, and thus take birth in Lotus Light!

At the behest of Jedrung Rinpoche, the head of the glorious monastic seat of Riwoché, Chokgyur
Lingpa wrote this in the Dharma Lord Khardrung’s residence. May it bring continuous goodness!

| Lhasey Lotsawa Translations (translated by Oriane Sherap Lhamo and Laura Dainty), 2020.
↑ The trio of Sūtra, Illusion, and Mind (Tib. mdo sgyu sems gsum) refer to the Sūtra of Assembled
Realization (Tib. mdo dgongs pa 'dus pa), the Web of Illusion Tantra (Tib. rgyud sgyu
'phrul drwa ba), and the Eighteen Mind Sections of Anuyoga.↑ The Eight Transmissions (Tib.
sgrub pa bka' brgyad), also known as Eight Sādhana Teachings, are the eight deity lineages
that the eight vidyādharas of India transmitted to Guru Rinpoche.↑ The Combined Realization
of All Buddhas (Tib. sangs rgyas thams cad kyi dgongs pa 'dus pa'i mdo) is a major Anuyoga
scripture.↑ The four types of admiration are often mentioned in magnetizing practices
such as Kurukullā. They are: 1) the admiration of being treated with kindness, since one
is seen as a father or mother; 2) the admiration of being respected, since one is seen as
a teacher; 3) the admiration of being renowned, since one is seen as a king; 4) the admiration
of being loved, since one is seen as a friend.